Add docs: Existing contraces (#605)
nervosnetwork/docs.nervos.org: website/docs/common-scripts/10-easy-to-discover-type.mdx

---
id: easy-to-discover-type
title: Easy to Discover Type
---

# Easy to Discover Type

> Purpose: A type script that reveals cell data through its arguments.
> 
> Part of [ckb-proxy-locks](https://github.com/ckb-devrel/ckb-proxy-locks)
> 
> ## How it works:
> 
> Takes a 32-byte data hash as argument
> Validates that all output cells with this type script have data matching the hash
> Makes cell data discoverable through the type script arguments
> 
> ### Arguments:
> 
> args[0..32]: Hash of the expected cell data
> 
> ### Use cases:
> 
> Data integrity verification
> Making cell data easily discoverable
> Content addressing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Easy to Discover Type](https://github.com/ckb-devrel/ckb-proxy-locks/tree/main/contracts/easy-to-discover-type) is a [Type Script](/docs/tech-explanation/type-script) that reveals and enforces specific Cell data via its arguments.

It is part of the [ckb-proxy-locks](https://github.com/ckb-devrel/ckb-proxy-locks).

## How It Works
This Script validates output Cell data against a predefined hash. The process works as follows:
- Takes a 32-byte data hash as an argument
```bash
args[0..32]: Hash of the expected Cell data
```
- Passes validation if all output Cells with this Type Script contain data that matches the provided hash.

## Use Cases

- Data integrity verification
- Making Cell data easily discoverable
- Content addressing
```
